>> Brian Holt: One more thing to show you
with styles component or with Emotion.
There are several other cool things
that Emotion can do, but I wanna show
you how to do keyframe animations cuz
you just have to know how to do it.
So from react-emotion I'm going to import
another thing called keyFrame, okay?
This is going to allow us to
do animations using Emotion.
So let's say I have this icon up here,
and for reasons unknown to me,
they wanna make it rotate all the time.
So, what I'm gonna do here,
is I'm gonna say, const Spin =
keyFrames,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
And this is another kind
of tagged template literal.
And I'm just gonna say, from,
>> Brian Holt: transform: rotate (0deg).
So start at zero degrees and
go to transform: rotate (360deg), right?
So just go from zero degrees and
rotate all the way around to 360 degrees.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
underneath that I'm gonna make a spyglass.
So const SpyGlass =
styled("span").
And here I'm gonna say,
display: inLine-block,
cuz if it's in line it won't work.
And then, animation: 1s $, right?
So, what this is going to return,
is it's going to return to the appropriate
key to refer to that spin
animation that we created.
And then we have to say linear and
infinite.
So always spin and
don't do any sort of easing, okay?
Let's get rid of that stupid outline here,
this one.
And then I wanna replace
spin here with SpyGlass.
>> Brian Holt: It's gonna start yelling at
you because it feels like this should be
a spin, it is, right?
It's still a spin, it can't see through
the styles component to see that.
So you would have to disable that, but for
now we won't worry about the eslint there.
But now if you go look at this,
now you have a spinning eye glass,
or whatever you wanna call that.
I guess marketing came to you and
said we really want people to
click on this search thing.
And that's how you do it.
>> Brian Holt: You should hire me
to design your website, by the way.
I have great ideas.
>> Brian Holt: But
that's pretty cool, right?
And it feels pretty familiar if you
know how to write key frames in CSS.
This isn't too different than
writing normal key frames.